{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red49\green52\blue58;\red212\green213\blue214;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c25098\c26667\c29412;\cssrgb\c86275\c86667\c87059;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy for HAYD
\f1\b0\fs24  At HLG_App (
\fs32 \'a9
\fs24 HAYD), accessible from HLG_App, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by HLG_App (
\fs32 \'a9
\fs24 HAYD) and how we use it. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. \
\

\f0\b\fs32 Consent
\f1\b0\fs24  By using our app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. \
\

\f0\b\fs32 Information we collect
\f1\b0\fs24  The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 How we use your information
\f1\b0\fs24  We use the information we collect in various ways, including to: Improve, personalize, and expand our app Develop new products, services, features, and functionality Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the app, and for marketing and promotional purposes Send you emails Find and prevent fraud\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 GDPR Data Protection Rights 
\f1\b0\fs24 We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access \'96 You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service. The right to rectification \'96 You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete. The right to erasure \'96 You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to restrict processing \'96 You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to object to processing \'96 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to data portability \'96 You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us. \
\

\f0\b\fs32 Children's Information
\f1\b0\fs24  Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. HLG_App (
\fs32 \'a9
\fs24 HAYD) does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our app, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Nachricht an @RealWarrior\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
}