{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red212\green213\blue214;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c86275\c86667\c87059;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Terms and Conditions \

\f1\b0 \
Welcome to HLG_App (\'a9HAYD)! \
\
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of HAYD's app, located at HLG_App\'a9HAYD. \
\
By accessing this app we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use HLG_App (\'a9HAYD) if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. \
\
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person log on this app and compliant to the Company\'92s terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client\'92s needs in respect of provision of the Company\'92s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.\
\

\f0\b License\

\f1\b0 \
Unless otherwise stated, HAYD and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on HLG_App (\'a9HAYD). All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from HLG_App (\'a9HAYD) for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.\
\
You must not:\
\
Republish material from HLG_App (\'a9HAYD)\
Sell, rent or sub-license material from HLG_App (\'a9HAYD)\
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from HLG_App (\'a9HAYD)\
Redistribute content from HLG_App (\'a9HAYD)\
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof. Our Terms and Conditions were created with the help of the Terms And Conditions Generator and the Privacy Policy Generator.\
\
Parts of this app offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the app. HAYD does not filter, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their presence on the app. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of HAYD,its agents and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, HAYD shall not be liable for the Comments or for any liability, damages or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this app.\
\
HAYD reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.\
\
You warrant and represent that:\
\
You are entitled to post the Comments on our app and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;\
The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark of any third party;\
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material which is an invasion of privacy\
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.\
You hereby grant HAYD a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec4 Content Liability \

\f1\b0 \
We shall not be held responsible for any content that appears on your app. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your app. No link(s) should appear on any app that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights. Your Privacy Please read Privacy Policy Reservation of Rights We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our app. You approve to immediately remove all links to our app upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it\'92s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our app, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
Disclaimer To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our app and the use of this app. Nothing in this disclaimer will: limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury; limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law. The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty. As long as the app and the information and services on the app are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.\
}